c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\bin\Debug\PokerBot.exe.config
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\bin\Debug\PokerBot.exe
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\bin\Debug\PokerBot.pdb
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.dll
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.xml
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\obj\Debug\PokerBot.exe
c:\users\игорь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokerBot\PokerBot\obj\Debug\PokerBot.pdb
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.dll
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.xml
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\bin\Debug\Highlighter.exe.config
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\bin\Debug\Highlighter.exe
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\bin\Debug\Highlighter.pdb
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\obj\Debug\Highlighter.exe
C:\Users\Игорь\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Highlighter\Highlighter\obj\Debug\Highlighter.pdb
